It's Dr. Bashir,
isn't it?
Of course it is.
May I introduce myself?
Uh... yes.
Yes, of course.
My name is Garak.
A Cardassian by birth,
obviously.
The only one of us left
on this station,
as a matter of fact.
new friends whenever I can.
So I do appreciate making
You are new to the
station, I believe.
I am, yes.
Though...
though I understand
you've been here
quite a while.
Ah. You know of me then.
Would you care
for some of this Tarkalean tea?
It's very good.
What a thoughtful
young man.
How nice that we've met.
You know...
some people say
that you remained on DS9
as the eyes and ears
of your fellow Cardassians.
You don't say.
Doctor-- you're
not intimating
that I'm some sort
of spy, are you?
I wouldn't know, sir.
Ah. An open mind--
the essence of intellect.
As you may also know,
I have a clothing
shop nearby,
so if you should
require any apparel
or simply wish, as I do,
for a bit of enjoyable
company now and then,
I'm at your
disposal, Doctor.
You're very kind,
Mr. Garak.
Oh, it's just Garak--
plain, simple...
BOTH:
Garak.
Now, good day
to you, Doctor.
I'm so glad
to have made
such an interesting
new friend today.
You won't believe
who just sat down
next to me
in the Replimat.
Major, Upper Pylon 3
will be shut down for
maintenance for 48 hours.
The spy.
Garak, the Cardassian.
We don't know for a fact
Garak's a spy, Doctor.
He is.
You should have heard him.
He-He introduced himself
and, and, and he struck up
conversation just like that.
He was making contact
with me.
With me, of
all people.
he might want from you, Julian?
What do you think
I don't know...
Federation medical secrets.
Rest assured, they're safe
with me, Commander.
I'm sure they are,
Dr. Bashir.
In fact, Chief O'Brien,
I think you should place
a monitoring device on me.
Well, just in case...
he...
he's up to something?
I don't think that will be
necessary, Doctor.
Just be very cautious when...
Commander, we have a small craft
taking evasive action.
Cardassian war vessel
in pursuit.
On screen.
That's Bajoran.
KIRA:
firing at a Bajoran scout ship
That damned Cardassian's
in Bajoran space.
Confirmed, sir.
Mr. O'Brien?
into Bajoran space.
They've crossed
Open a hailing frequency
to the Cardassians.
Channel open.
you are violating Bajoran space.
Cardassian vessel,
Break off your pursuit.
Repeat: break off now.
No reply
from the Cardassians.
Bajoran vessel
is hailing us.
Open the channel.
Space station, do you read?
Space station...
We can only get audio,
Commander.
This is Benjamin Sisko
Starfleet Commander
of the station.
Who are you?
Why are they pursuing?
for emergency docking. Please!
Please! Repeating request
DAX:
The Bajoran scout ship
is badly damaged.
Structural integrity is failing.
He's breaking up.
Get him out, Mr. O'Brien.
Aye, sir.
Medical assistance to Ops.
My name is Tahna Los.
Request political asylum.
Kira?
His name is Tahna Los.
KIRA:
We fought together
in the underground.
Commander, the Cardassians
are hailing us.
Now they want to talk.
They're hopping mad.
Open the channel, Mr. O'Brien.
Federation Commander
you have taken aboard
a known criminal.
You will turn him over to us.
He has requested asylum.
You have not granted it?
I haven't decided yet.
To be honest,
He is Kohn-Ma.
would grant his kind asylum.
Not even the Bajorans
He has committed heinous crimes
against the Cardassian people,
and I demand
that you release him
to our custody.
I'll investigate the matter
immediately.
In the interim, if you care
to dock your vessel
to hear an explanation
I'll be glad
for having violated
Bajoran space
a Federation facility.
and threatened
We have made no threat
to your facility.
I stand corrected.
Sisko out.
The Major and I will
be at the Infirmary.
I'd like some time to talk
with this fellow Tahna.
When Gul Danar comes in
it would be nice if we had
a few docking regulations
to keep him
outside a while.
Understood.
You're not seriously
considering
handing Tahna over
to the Cardassians?
Were you part of
this Kohn-Ma, Major?
If I had been,
I would not be working
with the provisional
government now.
No, you'd still
be out there
murdering Cardassians,
or even some Bajoran
that the Kohn-Ma
hold in contempt.
Didn't they claim
responsibility
for the assassination
of one of your First
Ministers last month?
Look, I know Tahna.
Is he Kohn-Ma?
Yes, but...
I suggest you get your
priorities straight, Major
because I don't have any
room for divided loyalties
in this command,
and I won't have
a Kohn-Ma terrorist
using this station
as a protective shield
for continuing violence.
My priorities are straight,
Commander.
Let's not be confused here.
My loyalties are to Bajor,
and Bajor needs men
like Tahna Los.
Apparently, his war with the
Cardassians isn't over yet.
If Bajor is ever to rebuild
a strong and independent
society,
it will require
the repatriation
of splinter groups
like the Kohn-Ma.
You have-- we have--
an opportunity here, Commander.
I hope you don't miss it.
How is he?
Second-degree
burns, lacerations
a minor concussion.
Not much compared to what
he's been through before.
Before?
The most recent
of these scars
is only two, perhaps
three years old.
Two and a half, actually.
It's remarkable you
lived through this.
It's a Cardassian technique
designed to keep you alive.
I'm Commander
Benjamin Sisko.
I have a few questions
for you
if you're up
to answering them.
Commander Sisko hasn't decided
whether or not to grant you
asylum yet, Tahna.
Major, perhaps I should
conduct this alone.
Major?
I'm the liaison officer
to the Federation here...
Still fighting for Bajor
in my own way.
I'll stop by later.
What do you need
to know, Commander?
why were they chasing you?
For starters,
You really want to hear
the story of my life?
I assume, as a member
of the Kohn-Ma
you've committed serious acts
against them.
Any one of a hundred
to a Cardassian death sentence.
that would lead
their withdrawal from Bajor?
Any of them since
Frankly, yes.
Why would you
continue the violence
against them now?
I'm not sure anymore.
To be honest,
for crimes committed against us
We say we're punishing them
for over
half a century
but I've had enough
of the killing.
I'm sorry, Commander.
He needs rest now.
Admiral, I think
Commander Sisko
is being incredibly
short-sighted.
He obviously
doesn't understand
the issues involved.
Thank you for bringing this
to my attention, Major.
I'll stay in close touch
with the situation.
Thank you, Admiral.
Sir, the Cardassian warship
has docked.
Lieutenant Dax
is making sure
that all procedural details
are precisely observed
no matter how long it takes.
Well done.
I have some more research
to do on the Kohn-Ma
before I see them.
Sir, I don't know much
about the Bajoran
terrorists,
but you've never fought
the Cardassians, have you?
No.
Well, you wouldn't want
to turn a man-- any man--
over to their
tender care, sir.
You just wouldn't.
Subspace transmission
from Admiral Rollman
for you, Commander.
In my office.
Ben, that Bajoran woman
interrupted a staff meeting
you have working for you
to tell me how she disapproves
of this asylum matter.
of your handling
a problem there, Commander.
I think you have
Yes, Admiral.
It's all right.
You're safe.
into each other here, isn't it?
Strange to run
It's good to be with someone
who knows what
it's been like out there.
I thought maybe you'd forgotten.
Wearing that uniform,
Never.
No?
Working on the
inside hasn't dulled
that old fire
just a little?
Uh... ask Sisko about that.
Don't get along?
Oil and water.
( chuckling )
You're tired.
I should go.
Kira?
Do you think he'll give me
to the Cardassians?
Over my dead body.
Now, that's the Kira I remember.
If you require all vessels
docking procedures, Commander,
to endure such lengthy
you're going to have
a lot of impatient
traffic out there.
I apologize.
to repair all the damage
We're still trying
before they left.
your forces did
It does create
unreasonable delays.
but not your explanation.
I accept your apology,
What about Tahna Los?
Well, we've got a problem.
to the Cardassian people
A diplomatic insult
would be a problem.
Delivering a wanted criminal
to us would not be.
Danar
in war, both sides
commit atrocities.
I can only tell you
that we are certain
more acts of terrorism.
he plans to commit
He tells me that he has
renounced the Kohn-Ma
and wants to help
to rebuild Bajor.
He has committed brutal acts
of destruction and murder,
for those crimes.
and he must pay
I appreciate the
Cardassian position
but I know if a Bajoran
freedom fighter
is turned over
to the Cardassians
by the Federation,
that would be a mistake
that would undermine
everything that I'm
trying to accomplish here.
So, with apologies,
I'm going to grant him
asylum for the time being.
Eventually, he'll want
to relocate to Bajor.
and if you want
to pursue the matter
with the provisional government,
then that's your business.
( door closes )
How long since
you've slept in
a comfortable bed?
I can adapt to that part
very quickly, thank you.
I'm glad you're here.
We need you, Tahna.
I don't think the Federation
has any use
for my particular talents.
I mean,
Bajor needs you.
If you had the impression
that I'm a Federation officer
in any way,
I promise you, I...
I thought you were
under Sisko's command.
I am, but...
Now, you see,
that's something
I could never adapt to.
Someone has to
coordinate relations
between the Federation
and the provisional government.
At least, with
someone like me here...
Why?
Why should they
be here at all?
What right does this
so-called provisional
government have
to bring them here after
all we fought for, Kira?
Freedom from domination.
True independence.
No outsiders.
No Cardassians
and no Federation.
Things have changed, Tahna.
With the discovery
of the wormhole...
Oh, yes, the wormhole.
Look, I don't want
the Federation here
any more than you do
but they are serving a purpose,
for the time being at least.
Without the Federation
the Cardassians would
be back in a minute
to take control
of the wormhole,
and the wormhole is
the future of Bajor, Tahna.
It's bringing ships
and commerce.
It's making us
a power in the quadrant.
I don't want to be a power
in the quadrant.
I want Bajor for Bajorans.
I want our
homeland back.
We have it back.
And, as we grow stronger
we'll be able to
defend it ourselves
without having to lean
on the Federation
or anyone else.
I know it's difficult to see
after all we've been through.
We want it all now.
But with people like you
leading the way...
You have adapted
haven't you?
Tahna, I have put myself
on the line for you here.
You are finished
with the Kohn-Ma?
Yes.
Yes, I am finished
with the Kohn-Ma.
I've been talking with
several of the ministers
of the provisional government
about amnesty
for you and any member of
the Kohn-Ma who follows you.
Well, there are some
who might...
if there were assurances.
I'm working on it, Tahna.
I'll find a way
to make it happen.
What?
Sir, we've had
a little problem.
These two women
are just arriving.
They objected to
giving up their weapons.
Klingons do not
surrender their weapons.
ODO:
Who are you?
We are Lursa and B'Etor
of the house of Duras.
And we have
specific regulations.
You can leave the weapons
or leave the station.
Your choice.
Please
make it now.
Who are you?
I'm the one
giving you the choice.
Welcome to DS9.
We have some new guests
you might be interested in.
A couple of Klingon sisters
from the Duras family.
Lursa and B'Etor.
You know them then?
of the Klingon High Council.
They tried to grab control
Started a brief civil war.
They've been out
of sight since then.
I ran a security check.
The Klingons have them
listed as renegades.
We've heard they've been
trying to raise capital
to rebuild their armies.
What are they doing here?
Sitting.
They went straight to Quark's,
but not for the gambling
and certainly not for the food.
They're just sitting.
I don't like it.
Why don't I...
lock them up
and call the Klingons
to come get them?
Odo.
If they're enemies
of the Klingon High Council...
They haven't broken
any laws here.
You can't just
throw them in jail.
You know, Cardassian rule
may have been oppressive
but at least
it was simple.
Keep an eye on them.
As you wish, Commander.
( conversation and laughter )
And how are you this evening,
Mr. Garak?
Excuse me.
Just plain, simple Garak,
you said.
Plain and simple.
Join me, Doctor.
Enhance my evening.
Keeping an eye on the ebb
and flow of things, are you?
As a clothier
I do have a keen interest
on what the population
is wearing
from day to day.
Klingons have an odd
sense of style.
Don't you agree?
Oh, yes, they do.
But intriguing.
I would say
that those two outfits
are worth studying closely.
Look.
LURSA:
All right,
where's the payment?
TAHNA:
It's on its way.
That was not
the arrangement.
I couldn't stop to get it.
I barely got past
the Cardassians.
Your safety
is not our concern.
Your gold is.
It will be available tomorrow.
Good.
Because if we have made
this trip for nothing
you will have made
a fatal mistake.
I managed to
arrange a hearing
of the Ministers' Court.
Any predictions?
Well, I have two
of the ministers--
the smart ones-- ready
to vote for amnesty.
I'm sure one of the others
will fall in line.
Good.
And Tahna says two
more of the Kohn-Ma
are willing
to follow him
if you'll guarantee
their safety.
Done.
I have to say this, Commander.
When we first talked
I wasn't sure you...
This wouldn't have been possible
without your support.
I want you to know
it's appreciated.
Be sure to mention it
the next time you chat
with Admiral Rollman.
Sir?
Go over my head again
and I'll have yours
on a platter.
So, Constable, news
about our Klingon sisters?
They seem to make
friends easily.
Friends?
Our reformed Kohn-Ma,
for example.
Tahna, with Lursa
and B'Etor?
Talking about
a business arrangement.
He's paying them
for something.
I don't know what.
The gold is
supposedly on its way.
Two other members of the Kohn-Ma
may be bringing it.
How do you know that?
Major Kira mentioned
that they were on their way.
ODO:
Do you want her
to know about this?
Not quite yet.
You are the clothier Garak?
At your service, madam.
of our latest fashions?
May I show you some
Perhaps some silk lingerie
from Kraus IV?
Watch your tongue,
Cardassian, or I'll
rip it out and eat it!
( snarling )
I meant no offense.
I have few Klingon patrons.
So, is there something
you wish to buy?
We're not here to buy.
We are here to sell.
We understand
you still represent
Cardassian interests here.
Ah, I am only a simple
clothing merchant.
We have no time
for your games!
Do you want Tahna Los
or not?!
Are you in a position
to deliver the Bajoran
to Cardassian
authorities?
What is he worth to them?
In gold-pressed latinum?
( spits )
You insult us!
Ladies, ladies, please.
Everything is negotiable.
than what I seem to be--
I am no more
a merchant trying to make
the best transaction.
So... let us haggle.
( door chimes )
Yes?
the third minister's vote.
I have
The hearing is simply
a formality now.
to receive amnesty, Tahna.
You are going
I never realized you were such
an accomplished politician.
Me? A politician?
No, I don't think so.
You manipulate Sisko
and the Federation
of the provisional government...
the ministers
I'm just determined.
get tired of hearing my voice.
I think they all simply
( laughs )
And here we expected to find
that Kira Nerys had lost
the fire in her heart.
What are you talking about?
before you even came.
You knew I was here
Tahna, I trusted you.
I am Kohn-Ma.
I fight for the freedom
of Bajor.
You once fought
for it, as well.
I'm still fighting for it.
Stop deluding yourself!
You say you don't believe
in the Federation.
in the provisional government
You say you don't believe
their dance instructor.
and yet you are
That's not fair.
Don't be naive, Major!
I don't want the Federation
here, but, for now...
Once you're in your comfortable
bed with the Federation
you won't be able to get out.
We won't be able to get out.
If you expect me to commit
against the Federation...
some act of violence
No... no, the violence is over.
That is the truth.
No one will get hurt in any way.
I promise you that.
But I do need your help.
You already lied
to me, Tahna.
I know how
the game works.
To do what we plan
we need a small ship
capable of warp speed.
I gambled that
I could convince you
to get it for us.
And just what is
this peaceful plan?
In one move,
and nonviolently
we accomplish everything
both of us has ever wanted
for Bajor.
How?
I know the game, too, Kira.
You know I cannot risk
telling you that.
just go straight to Sisko?
How do you know I won't
Well, if you do,
then we'll both know
where your loyalties are
won't we?
Ah, plain,
simple Garak.
How are
you today?
Being observant, Doctor.
I'm sure of it.
There's a time for levity,
my young friend
and a time
for genuine concern.
The arrival on this station,
for instance
of those two Kohn-Ma
terrorists.
Terrorists?
What are they doing here?
I'm not exactly sure,
but, together
we might have some success
at finding out.
Garak, I'm a doctor, not...
And, once you do have
the appropriate answer
I'm sure you'll know
what to do with it.
be getting along now.
I really must
Uh... Doctor...
I think it's time for you
to take advantage of my shop.
If you'll be there
at exactly 2055 hours tonight
I promise to show you a suit
that will make you
into a new man.
A suit?
We're talking
about terrorists
and you want me
to buy a new suit.
Doctor, am I making
myself clear?
I want you to buy
a new suit tonight at 2055...
exactly.
Uh, yes.
I see.
Well, if you'll excuse me.
Mmm.
A suit.
Major.
Commander.
I'd like to meet
the two Kohn-Ma
who just arrived
as soon as possible.
Of course.
I'll arrange it.
How do they seem to you?
Sir?
Do you feel
as secure about them
as you do
about Tahna Los?
Absolutely.
Commander Sisko.
I need some guidance.
Yes, Doctor.
It's about Garak--
the Cardassian.
I'm afraid
this relationship
has gotten
a little out of hand.
How's that?
He wants me
to buy a suit.
A suit?
At exactly 2055 tonight.
Why 2055?
I don't know,
but it has something to do
with those two Bajoran
terrorists on board.
He says that, together,
he and I might discover
what they're
really doing here.
I don't understand
why he wants me involved.
Sometimes communications
can't be conducted
through official channels.
Maybe this is their way
of telling us
that we have a common enemy.
Well, what do you
want me to do?
I think, Doctor, you could
definitely use a new suit.
Busy?
What can I do for you?
the security measures in place
Are, um... are all
to the Ministers' Court?
for the trip
taken care of and they will.
I told you they'd be
Fine.
You know, there's one thing
about you humanoids
I can't imitate very well.
What's that?
Pretense.
There's a special talent to it.
It's as hard for me
as creating one
of your noses.
Maybe that's why I've learned
to respect your opinion
Constable--
never any pretense.
How much do you know
about me, Odo?
More than you probably realize.
I've done some things
I'm not proud of.
I still have nightmares about
the raids on the Haru Outpost
about what I was doing then.
but at least I was sure
And...
you're not sure of now.
there's something
for the Federation than I do.
You have no more love
Meaning?
Maybe there are still wars
to be fought
making a fool of myself
and I'm just
doing what I'm doing here.
It sounds like you're trying to
talk yourself into something...
or out of something.
I have to betray someone.
Either way,
The only important thing
is not to betray yourself.
How could I possibly turn
against my own people?
Are they
your own people?
They're no different
than I used to be.
Used to be?
I could just refuse
to help them--
ignore the whole thing.
The Joranian ostrich hides by
sticking its head underwater--
sometimes even until it drowns.
And they'd find a way
they want to do anyway
to do whatever
and I'd still feel responsible
for the consequences.
( sighs )
when I knew who the enemy was.
It was so much easier
Odo to Sisko.
Go ahead.
There's someone down in here
in security
who wants to talk
to you, Commander.
Come in quickly, Doctor.
You're late.
It's 2057.
Now just take this
and try it on
as many times as you like.
And stay very,
very quiet.
I was just...
( door opening )
GARAK:
Ah, right on time.
Welcome.
B'ETOR:
Save your welcome,
Cardassian.
Do your people
want the Bajoran or not?
GARAK:
I can now venture to say,
with some certainty
that you will receive
the agreed-upon payment
on delivery.
We will complete
our business with Tahna Los
in four hours.
And what business
might that be?
That is not your concern.
that those I represent
If it requires
must take extra precautions,
it becomes my concern.
We will deliver him
a cylinder of bilitrium.
The rendezvous will be
of Bajor VIII's lower moon.
on the dark side
can have him then.
The Cardassians
What's bilitrium?
Ah, a rare,
crystalline element
that can be an incredibly
powerful source of energy
provided, of course, one has
an antimatter converter.
Unfortunately,
that's why Cardassians
were chasing Tahna Los
when he arrived here.
He stole one.
But if he's got both...
Quite right, Doctor.
He has the ingredients
for a bomb--
a bomb of significant
destructive capability.
We have nothing
to hold them on.
They haven't
committed any crime yet.
Conspiracy is a crime.
Conspiracy
to what?
We don't even
know what
their plan is.
Once the switch with
the Klingons is made
you've got them holding
the components
to an explosive device.
That's evidence
enough right there.
Chief O'Brien is right.
We have to give
them the runabout.
Agreed.
And I have to be on it.
Not agreed, Major.
Commander,
Tahna doesn't know
if he can trust me
as it is.
If I try to stay behind,
he won't buy into this.
The only way
to convince him
is if I'm on board.
If Tahna fails
I promise you,
others will try.
At least this way,
you can find out
what they're up to.
Mr. O'Brien
you and I will take a runabout
to a point behind
the second moon of Bajor VIII
to avoid detection.
Aye, sir.
Dax, stay in touch with us
on a secured channel.
Keep an eye
on the Cardassians.
They'll be coming
to the party, too.
You get him there, Major.
We'll be waiting.
into the runabout.
They're moving
Acknowledged.
DS9 to Ganges.
Go ahead.
SISKO:
They're in the Yangtzee Kiang.
prelaunch systems now.
They're initializing
Understood, Lieutenant.
all main power systems.
Shut down
( sighs )
Dead quiet.
in 120,000 kilometers.
Bajor VIII
Dropping to impulse.
What is that?
An antimatter converter.
from the ship's warp drive
I'm transferring power
into the storage cells.
( console beeps )
We've got a Klingon bird-of-prey
de-cloaking dead ahead.
It's all right.
We're here to meet them.
Klingons? Why?
You'll know soon enough.
The Klingons have powered up
their transporters.
Prepare to go to full impulse.
13 kilograms
of gold-pressed latinum,
as promised.
This is yours.
'eH. HImaH!
What is it?
Bajoran independence.
Bird-of-prey
is moving off
and cloaking.
Set up an intercept course
for the runabout.
Intercept
in one minute
12 seconds.
DS9 to Ganges.
Ganges.
The Cardassian warship Aldara
is crossing the border,
Benjamin
with the Yangtzee Kiang.
on an intercept course
They'll enter Bajoran space
in 29 seconds.
Acknowledged.
The Yangtzee's sensors should
be picking us up now, sir.
TAHNA:
What is that?
It's another runabout.
They must have been
waiting for us here.
How did they know?
warship three minutes away.
We also have a Cardassian
The Klingons must have
sold us out.
Prepare to engage warp engines.
There's nowhere to run,
Tahna.
We don't have to go far.
I should have known.
Now set the course for DS9.
If you don't,
No.
I'll explode the bomb
right here and destroy
all six colonies
on Bajor VIII.
of your own people for this?
You would kill thousands
whether you would kill them
The question is
by refusing to set the course.
They've gone to warp.
Follow them.
Ganges to Yangtzee Kiang.
or we'll open fire.
Drop out of warp,
reduce your power immediately
Repeat--
or we will open fire.
while his Major is on board
I doubt he'll shoot
but just in case...
This is the voice
of the Kohn-Ma.
bilitrium explosive device
There is an armed
onboard this ship.
and you will detonate it.
Fire on us,
If that device goes off
while they're at warp
they'll spread radiation
across half the system.
He's headed straight back
to the station.
This is the Federation
Vessel Ganges
to the Cardassian
warship Aldara.
So... we're finally allies,
Commander.
Gul Danar
the Federation Runabout
Yangtzee Kiang
is carrying an explosive
bilitrium device.
Can you intercept
before it reaches
the space station?
is two minutes, 14 seconds.
Our time to intercept
That's about a minute
too late, Commander.
this opportunity to say
If I may take
that I warned you...
Can we get them
in a tractor beam?
Not at these speeds.
They have 27
seconds on us.
We may have to shoot
them down, Commander.
Ready photons, Chief.
We'll fire as soon
as they slow to impulse.
Aye, sir.
100,000 kilometers
to DS9.
This is your idea of
a nonviolent solution?
You realize
there are hundreds
of Bajoran civilians
aboard the station?
No one's going
to be hurt, Kira.
Adjust your course
to take a vectored approach
past the mouth
of the wormhole.
The wormhole...
It's not the space station
you're after.
You can't
possibly believe
you can destroy
the wormhole with that device?
I don't have to destroy it--
just collapse the entrance.
You're only hurting Bajor
by doing this, Tahna.
No more wormhole,
no more Federation
or Cardassians...
or anyone.
Drop out of warp.
Now!
My God, they're going
into the wormhole
at full impulse.
Damn you.
Sisko to Kira.
Are you all right, Major?
No, she's not all right,
Commander!
And if you want her alive,
you'll do exactly as I say!
Listen to me carefully, Tahna.
surrender now, to me
You can either
for the Cardassian warship,
or you can wait
deal with you this time.
and I can let them
Your choice.
There'll be no further
resistance, Commander.
Tahna...
the old ways
don't work anymore.
Everything
is different now.
I had to do this.
One day, you'll understand.
Traitor.